Specify a symmetric connectivity matrix for each observation or subject. The connectivity matrices store the connectivity strength between each pair of network nodes. Optionally, specify a label for each node as well as its MNI coordinates expressed in millimetres. 

CONNECTIVITY MATRICES: 
The connectivity matrices can be given either as a: 
1. Text file (*.txt), where a separate text file is used to store the connectivity matrix for each subject/observation (provide the path and name of only one of the text files and any others in the same directory will be identified automatically)
2. Valid Matlab expression (type the expression)
3. Matlab file (*.mat) containing a single variable 
The Matlab expression or the Matlab file must specify a numeric array with three dimensions, where concatenation across the observations/subjects is in the third dimension. Specifically, element (i,j,k) stores the connectivity value between node i and node j for observation/subject number k.   

NODE COORDINATES (MNI) [optional]:
Node coordinates are used to display results with NBSview. Node coordinates are specified as a numeric array with three columns (x,y,z) and as many rows as there are network nodes. They can be given either as a: 
1. Valid Matlab expression (type the expression)
2. Text file (*.txt)
3. Matlab file (*.mat) containing a single variable 
Specifying node coordinates is optional, but they are mandatory for NBSview. 
See AAL\getCOG.m for a script to determine the node coordinates (node centre of gravity) for an arbitrary node parcellation given as a NIFTI file.
Use AAL\aalCOG.txt if the 116 AAL nodes are used. 

NODE LABELS [optional]:
Specify a label for each node. Node labels can be given either as a:
1. Valid Matlab expression (type the expression)
2. Text file (*.txt), where each line specifies a node label
3. Matlab file (*.mat) containing a single variable 
The Matlab expression or the Matlab file must specify a cell array of strings, where there are as many strings as there are nodes. 
	
	